TRIED outlanders though they were, Dr. Inman Shonto and Andy Jerome
were hopelessly lost. Afoot, horseback, and by motor car the pair had
covered thousands of square miles of desert and forest land in Southern
California. But it was different up here in the mountainous region of
the northern part of the state, where they found themselves surrounded
by heavy timber vaster than they had dreamed could have been left
standing by the ensanguined hand of the lumberman. And, besides, thin
fingers of fog were reaching in from the sea, about eighteen miles to
the west of them.

For hours they had been following wooded ridges, which here and there
offered a view of the seemingly illimitable sweep of redwood forests
below them. Spruce, fir, several varieties of oak, and madrones crowned
these ridges--trees of a height and girth that they could understand.
But down below them towered the monarchs of the vegetable kingdom,
straight as the path of righteousness, solemn, aloof--impossible
trees--whose height would bring their tops on a level with the clock of
the Metropolitan Building, whose boles occupied a space greater than a
good-sized living room.

They awed the southerners immeasurably, for this was their first trip
into the northern part of their state. They were silent as they hurried
on, sliding down steep slopes, clambering up rocky, timbered inclines,
always hoping for some familiar object that would show them they were
on the campward trail.

Each carried a .25-.35 rifle, for they had left camp early that morning
to hunt deer--and both had entertained fond hopes that a wandering
bear or a panther might cross their path. The doctor had wounded a big
six-pointer close to noon, and following the bloody trail which the
cripple left had led the pair astray.

Now night was close at hand, and, for all they knew, they were still
many miles from camp. The trail had inveigled them down into the
mysteries of the dark forest below them, and there they had lost all
sense of direction. With the approach of night they had abandoned
the bloody trail and climbed to the ridges once more, in the hope of
relocating themselves. But an hour had passed, and they still were lost.
